doc(README): update (#227)
apache/cordova-js: README.md

    The `exec` method is a JavaScript function that enables communication from the platform's JavaScript environment into the platform's native environment. Each platform uses a different mechanism to enable this bridge. We recommend you check out the other platform `exec` definitions for inspiration.

    The `exec` method has the following method signature: `function(success, fail, service, action, args)`

    **Methods Arguments:**

    * `success`: a success function callback
    * `fail`: a failure function callback
    * `service`: a string identifier that the platform can resolve to a native class
    * `action`: a string identifier that the platform can resolve to a specific method inside the class pointed to by `service`
    * `args`: an array of parameters to pass to the native method invoked by the `exec` call

    It is required that new platform additions be as consistent as possible with the existing `service` and `action` labels.

3. Define your platform definition object and name it `platform.js`. This file should be added into the `<platform-repo>/cordova-js-src` directory which was created from step 1.

>     This file should contain a **JSON** object with the following properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This file should export an object with the following properties:
```

     * `id`: a string representing the platform. This should match the name of the `.js` file.
     * `objects`: the property names defined as children of this property are injected into `window`, and also *overrides any existing properties*. Each property can have the following child properties:
       * `path`: a string representing the module ID that will define this object. For example, the file `lib/plugin/accelerometer.js` can be accessed as `"cordova/plugin/accelerometer"`. More details on how the module IDs are defined are above under the "How It Works" section.
       * `children`: in a recursive fashion, can have `path` and `children` properties of its own that are defined as children of the parent property object

>      * `merges`: similar to the above `objects` property, this one will not clobber existing objects, instead it will recursively merge this object into the specific target

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * `bootstrap`: A function that sets up the platform. Must fire the `onNativeReady` channel when done.
```

>      * `initialize`: a function that fires immediately after the `objects` (see above) are defined in the global scope

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * `initialize`: an optional function that is called after the global scope setup is done (i.e. Cordova and all plugins are ready)
```

    The following is a simple example of a platform definition:

>     ```json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```js
```

        }

>       }

Reviewer: Seems you can't post a suggestion to non-diff code, but the above example should be something like

```js
module.exports = {
    id: 'atari',
    bootstrap: function() {
        require('cordova/channel').onNativeReady.fire();
    }
};
```
which is the file from `osx` with the ID changed: https://github.com/apache/cordova-osx/blob/master/cordova-js-src/platform.js

    }
    ```

4. Make sure your native implementation executes the following JavaScript once all of the native side is initialized and ready:

    ```javascript
    require('cordova/channel').onNativeReady.fire()

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Mentioned in the description of bootstrap and demonstrated in my suggested example. I think we can remove this paragraph.

> 5. The `deviceready` event is important. To make sure that the stock common JavaScript fires this event off, the device and network connection plugins must successfully be instantiated and return information about the connectivity and device information. The success callbacks for these plugins should include calls to `require('cordova/channel').onCordovaInfoReady.fire()` (for device information) and `require('cordova/channel').OnCordovaConnectionReady.fire()` (for network information).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

AFAICT this information is outdated. These channels do not exist in `cordova-js`. To delay the `deviceready` event until some other channel has fired, `waitForInitialization` is used now. This function is currently used only by plugins, not by platforms. Which makes sense, because platforms already have the `onNativeReady` channel which `deviceready` waits for anyway. So all in all we can chuck that point.
